_features/3-transparency.md, before:

---
id: transparency
name: 3. Transparency
heading: 3. Transparency
subheading: Builds Trust.
image: /assets/images/blt_pencil_feature.png
alt: "A vibrant and dynamic logo of a burger that also incorporates a pencil. The burger, with visible layers of cheese, lettuce, tomato, bacon, patty, and a patterned bun, is paired with a pencil that runs diagonally through the top bun. The design is cartoonish and colorful, with bold outlines and a slightly exaggerated form, giving it a playful and creative vibe. The background is transparent with small, scattered drawing tools, and there is a checkmark icon in the upper left corner, suggesting a theme of creativity and completion."
---

Many chatbots have been launched, but they often lack comprehensive documentation and do not specify the models and approaches used.

Note that open source models such as Llama offer [a competitive experience](https://lmarena.ai/?leaderboard) while allowing for a more reproducible workflow when documentation is key.

Commit message:

Diversify examples of open source models
All prominent ones that are at present making tops
in LM Arena, and I hear are actively discussed in the community.

I did not mention Yi, Jamba, Athene, Amazon Nova, and others
because subjectively I feel that they are less popular.

Those mentioned are also sure to have public chat interfaces.

In addition to LM Arena, I also follow these benchmarks:

https://www.timetoact-group.at/en/details/llm-benchmarks-december-2024

_features/3-transparency.md, after:

---
id: transparency
name: 3. Transparency
heading: 3. Transparency
subheading: Builds Trust.
image: /assets/images/blt_pencil_feature.png
alt: "A vibrant and dynamic logo of a burger that also incorporates a pencil. The burger, with visible layers of cheese, lettuce, tomato, bacon, patty, and a patterned bun, is paired with a pencil that runs diagonally through the top bun. The design is cartoonish and colorful, with bold outlines and a slightly exaggerated form, giving it a playful and creative vibe. The background is transparent with small, scattered drawing tools, and there is a checkmark icon in the upper left corner, suggesting a theme of creativity and completion."
---

Many chatbots have been launched, but they often lack comprehensive documentation and do not specify the models and approaches used.

Note that open source models, such as Llama, Qwen, DeepSeek, Mistral, Gemma, and others, offer [a competitive experience](https://lmarena.ai/?leaderboard) while allowing for a more reproducible workflow when documentation is key.
